I am a human. You are also a human. I am a tree. I am a dog.
Dogs have four legs. Cats have four legs. Frogs have four legs.
Whales are mammals. ChatGPT was created by OpenAI.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you. If someone wants you in their life, they'll make room for you. You shouldn't have to fight for a spot. Never, ever insist yourself to someone who continuously overlooks your worth. And remember, it's not the people that stand by your side when you're at your best, but the ones who stand beside you when you're at your worst that are your true friends.
In the flood of darkness, hope is the light. It brings comfort, faith, and confidence. It gives us guidance when we are lost, and gives support when we are afraid. And the moment we give up hope, we give up our lives. The world we live in is disintegrating into a place of malice and hatred, where we need hope and find it harder. In this world of fear, hope to find better, but easier said than done, the more meaningful life of faith will make life meaningful.
Only when you understand the true meaning of life can you live truly. Bittersweet as life is, it's still wonderful, and it's fascinating even in tragedy. If you're just alive, try harder and try to live wonderfully.
I believe there is a person who brings sunshine into your life. That person may have enough to spread around. But if you really have to wait for someone to bring you the sun and give you a good feeling, then you may have to wait a long time.
Hiding behind the loose dusty curtain, a teenager packed up his overcoat into the suitcase. He planned to leave home at dusk though there was thunder and lightning outdoors. He had got to do this because he was tired of his parents'nagging about his English study and did not want to go through it any longer. He couldn't get along well with English and disliked joining in English classes because he thought his teacher ignored him on purpose. As a result, his score in each exam never added up to over 60.
His partner was concerned about him very much. She understood exactly what he was suffering from, but entirely disagreed with his idea. In order to calm him down and settle his problem, she talked with him face to face and swapped a series of learning tips with him. The items she set down helped him find the highway to studying English well.
The teenager was grateful and got great power from his friend’s words. Now, he has recovered from being upset and has fallen in love with English.
This is a language model. Generative Dynamic Denoising Model is great!
Today is the last day of WINTER 5DAYS. And today we will announce our latest new frontier language model - GTC-2. I am super excited today.
A four-year-old girl stunned paleontologists after she found a perfectly-preserved dinosaur footprint that dates back 220 million years. Lily Wilder made the discovery on January 23 while walking along a beach in South Wales with her father and dog. The family was on their way to the supermarket when Wilder saw the footprint imprinted on a rock. "It was on a low rock, shoulder height for Lily, and she just spotted it and said, 'look, Daddy,' her mother, Sally Wilder, said. "She is really excited but doesn't quite grasp how amazing it is." At first, the family thought the print, which is just over 10 cm (4 inches) long, was scratched out on the rock by an artist. But mother Sally was aware that similar footprints had been found along that piece of the coast before, so she posted about their discovery on social media. "I found this fossil identification page on Facebook and I posted it on there and people went a bit crazy," she told Wales Online. Shortly after, The National Museum of Wales was in touch with the Wilder family, and officials have since retrieved the print and put it in the museum. Experts believe the footprint was most likely left by a dinosaur that stood about 75 centimeters (29.5 inches) tall and 2.5 meters (about 8 feet) long and walked on its two hind feet. It is impossible to identify exactly what type of dinosaur left it, although experts typically classify the print as a Grallator Welsh scientists are calling the girl's discovery "the finest impression of a 215 million-year-old dinosaur print found in Britain in a decade," according to Wales Online. The family says their daughter's interest in dinosaurs has been ignited since the discovery and that she's been playing with a collection of Dino toys and models. "What's amazing is, if her name goes down as the finder in the museum, it could be her grandchildren going to visit that in the museum one day, and for years and years and generations to come, which is quite amazing," mother Sally told Wales Online. Right under our noses, animals have developed their own relationship with human technology. Dogs are microchipped, monitored by home security robots, and trained not to bark with "autonomous" shock collars. The agriculture industry uses Fitbit devices to track livestock health A few Big Ag firms have even deployed facial recognition-esque technology to identify individual cows. Wildlife in several major cities, including New York, are now regularly tracked with cameras, as well as temperature and motion sensors. Those myriad interactions underscore that while humans are developing complicated, and in many ways harmful, relationships to inventions like computers, the internet, and artificial intelligence, the same is happening for animals. While animals certainly don't use technology the way humans do, their lives could still be drastically transformed by it, in ways ranging from amusing to liberating to potentially dystopian. This is where the researchers behind a relatively new field called animal-computer interaction come in. "The field as a whole is trying to understand what these natural user interfaces for animals look like," says David Roberts, a North Carolina State University computer science professor who studies animal-computer interaction. "Because the asymmetries and differences in the communication abilities that we have — as human animals versus nonhuman animals — make onboarding and training for animals to use computers a pretty hard challenge. "The community of people focused on animal-computer interaction is still small. The main conference devoted to this area just celebrated its 10th anniversary — and only a handful of research institutes scattered across the world study the topic. Still, the breadth of challenges raised by animal use of technology may mean the field deserves far more focus than it receives. Consider that tech isn't showing up just in our homes but also in zoos, in agricultural settings, in cities with large animal populations, and in the wild. Much of the field's current research focuses on designing new technology that might help animals. One recent study evaluated the benefit of installing a microphone into a dog's collar to create a "bite detection algorithm" that may help evaluate when dogs are stressed. Similarly, researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab have proposed a modified artificial incubator called TamagoPhone that's designed to transmit sound between a bird and its eggs — with the hope of increasing both the survival rate of chicks and facilitating a more natural relationship. Another major focus is on designing technological systems to help animals and humans interact. There's a particular focus on building technologies to help improve communication between guide dogs and their human companions. But a major concern is that while technology might help animals, it could hurt them too. Take drones. While pets might appear to find the devices fun — YouTube is full of videos of dogs taking down consumer drones — the technology has the potential to stress or even injure the animals, as a study by the University of Haifa's Tech4Animals lab revealed in 2016. Technology designed to make animals' lives better could also be used to neglect them, experts highlight. Robotic feeders and autonomous litter boxes may improve care for animals, but might also help humans justify paying less attention to their pets. Surveillance technologies could help keep better track of cows and monitor their welfare, some of the leading researchers warned in a paper last year, but they could also be used to monitor animals' reproductive cycles — with an eye on boosting a dairy farm or slaughterhouse's profits. Technology, the scholars argued, cannot be designed for animals without considering the ways in which animals are already used in contemporary society. At the same time, emerging technologies could further complicate animal-computer interactions. A good amount of research in the nascent field is devoted to better understanding what, exactly, animals comprehend and feel about technology. Most of us are not experts in animal behavior, even if we think we really know our pets. And humans have the capacity to make profoundly incorrect guesses about what certain animal behaviors mean. "One of the most interesting questions" to ponder, said Zamansky, a researcher, is whether we humans can know what animals need "when they have no way to communicate their needs." 
It is only very recently that the popular literature of Denmark has become at all known to the generality of English readers; that the names of Danish authors have been heard on the shores of this island, where, 800 years ago, Canute, a Danish monarch, reigned. Perhaps this is partly traceable to the fact, that there has been no direct communication between Great Britain and Denmark, but that Hamburgh, and the north-west portion of Germany, have formed the pathway between the two countries, and the usual medium of intercourse. Even during the late Schleswig-Holstein hostilities, the principal accounts from the theatre of war were received through the Hamburgh newspapers; and the information of almost all that is known to the community at large in Great Britain, of the political events in Denmark, is derived from German papers. No wonder, then, that the Danish works which have appeared in this country have, with a few exceptions, been all re-translations from German versions; and that some of the Danish authors themselves have been classed as Germans.

The limited influence which Denmark has exercised over the destinies and international relations of the greater part of the European governments, the influx of travellers to the sunny south rather than to the bleak north, have tended, and united to prevent that intimate acquaintance with the language and literature of Denmark, which has taken place in regard to those of countries within more easy reach, and which are brought more prominently into contact with England. Although every one is supposed to understand French, translations from that language are to be seen in every penny magazine. The treasures of German lore have found numerous interpreters; Spanish and Portuguese writers have not been without translators; and the best Italian authors, from the difficult Dante to Manzoni’s "Promessi Sposi," have been rendered into English, for the benefit of those who cannot read the beautiful originals. But, except to the élite of the learned and literary world, those native authors, who have instructed or amused the inhabitants of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, have remained almost as much unknown as if these countries had been situated at the base of the Mountains of the Moon—shut in by swamps and deserts, guarded by tribes of savages, and the scarcely more ferocious wild beasts of nearly impervious forests.

But a new taste seems springing up; translators, having well-nigh exhausted the south, are turning their attention to the north; and it is probable that during the latter half of the nineteenth century the literature of Scandinavia may become familiar to the English descendants of the Anglo-Saxons, and the mythology of the north may become as—well known as the mythology of ancient Greece and Pagan Rome—that Scandinavian mythology in which Odin was the Jove, Freya the Venus, and Thor the Mars, of the Norsemen; in which Niflheim—the dark and cold spirit-world, with its frozen rivers and gloomy vapours, situated in the extreme north—was deemed the abode of terrors; Muspelheim, situated in the extreme south, the world of fire; and the Valhalla, with its five hundred and forty gates, the resort of those warriors who had died in battle, or distinguished themselves by valiant deeds.

The strange wild tales of the Scandinavian mythology have been, and are still, frequently introduced into Danish poetry and romance. The were sung of in the poems or historic tales of the Skalds, who, though of Icelandic origin, spread their productions over Sweden, Denmark, and Norway; and they were often alluded to in the Sagas,[3] or narrations, which were so much valued in these rude ages. A good specimen of the old Skaldic poems is the "Quida, or Death Song of Regnar Lodbrok," one of the earliest poets of Denmark, son of Sigurd Ring, king of that and the adjacent countries. Regnar was, at first, King of the Isles; afterwards, a celebrated sea-king, and for a long time the terror of the coasts of England, Scotland, Ireland, and Flanders, as well as of those of Norway and Sweden. But his exploits at Norwich and Lindisfarn eventually were the cause of his being taken prisoner by Ella, king of Northumberland, and put to death in a cruel manner, by being shut up with vipers, worms, and other loathsome reptiles. His wife, or rather one of his wives—for Regnar’s matrimonial code was not unlike that of the Turks—was also famed for her poetical talents, as well as her beauty; and had Regnar listened to her prophetic warnings, he would not have fallen a victim to the barbarous revenge of the Northumbrian chief. There is a fanciful and pretty Norwegian tradition respecting this wife of Regnar Lodbrok, which is related by Torf?us, the learned Icelandic antiquary and historian, who was educated principally at Copenhagen, passed most of his life in Norway, and died about the beginning of the present century.

The legend says, that at Spangereid, an isthmus in Norway, a golden harp was one day cast, by the waves, on the shore of a small sheltered bay; and that in this gift of the ocean there was found a little girl of surpassing beauty. She was brought up to keep sheep by the peasants who found her; but the report of her loveliness having reached the ears of Regnar Lodbrok, then king of the Danish islands, he sought the place of her abode, and married her. She had two names—Aslauga and Kraaka. A hill near the home of her childhood is called Aslauga’s hill—a stream there, Kraakabecker, the rivulet of Kraaka—and the bay goes by the name of Gull-Siken, or Golden Bay. But in M?inichen’s "Danish Dictionary of the Gods, Heroes, Fables, and Traditions of the North," Aslauga’s history is somewhat differently given. She is there said to have been the daughter of a Swede, called Sigurd, who died when she was three years old; she was then taken charge of by one Heimer, and removed to Norway. He was murdered by a man and woman called Ake and Grima, who took Aslauga with them to Spangereid, and made her keep their sheep. Regnar Lodbrok, sailing past with his fleet on some piratical expedition, put into the little harbour, and sent a few of his men on shore to bake bread; but these rovers were so much struck with Aslauga’s beauty, and so much occupied in admiring her, that they forgot the bread, which was accordingly burned. When they returned on board, Regnar was enraged at their carelessness; but his wrath was mollified when he heard the cause of the disaster, and, although he had a very handsome wife, named Thora, he determined to see the beauty who had caused the damage to his bread. He therefore sent his royal order for Aslauga to come on board his ship, and alone.

She promised to obey, and next day made her appearance alongside his vessel in a little fishing-boat, accompanied only by a very fierce dog. Nothing, however, would induce her to ascend the side of the sea-king’s ship; and as Regnar, failing in his persuasions, was probably about to try some more active means of getting her there, her dog bit him in the hand. The dog was immediately killed, and the damsel returned to the shore. But in the short interview she had won the susceptible heart of the warrior-king, and she made her own terms. She was to be his queen, or he was never to see her more. She further stipulated that he was to leave her then, and if his love continued, he was to return again in a year, when she would marry him.

At the expiration of the year Regnar returned "upon wings," as the Danish version has it. They were married, great festivities were held at his court, and she became his queen, Morals and manners must have both been very defective at that period, else Aslauga could not well have stepped into the living Thora’s place. She maintained her influence over the sea-king for the rest of his life; and after his murder, by the English chief Ella, she composed a poem to his memory, which was called "The Lay, or Lament of Kraaka." This royal couple were among the earliest poets of Denmark, though it is a disputed point whether Regnar Lodbrok’s "Death Song" was his own composition, that of some Skald, or the production of the widowed Aslauga.

The kings and chieftains of Scandinavia were not, however, generally themselves poets or historians, but they frequently had some bard among their retainers, for as books and manuscripts were rare, as there were no newspapers or periodicals in those days to chronicle passing events, the land and sea kings, and the warriors of note, were glad to have their deeds blazoned abroad, and handed down to posterity, in the songs and Sagas of the Skalds, and other bards, who were equally welcome guests in the halls of the Jarl’s castle, in the substantial abodes of the thriving burghers, and in the rude hut of the peasant.

These northern poets and historians, whose recitations, doubtless, blended many fables with some truths, were not unlike the minnesingers, the troubadours, and wandering minstrels of southern lands. One of the earliest of the court Skalds, mentioned in Danish history, was Thorbiorn Hornklofe, the poet-laureate of Harald Haarfager, a king equally famous for his achievements in war and his adventures in love, and who was also remarkable for the beauty of his hair, which, says an old Danish writer, "could only be compared to silk and gold, and was so long that he tied it in knots, and confined it under his belt."

The earliest geographer known in the north, lived in the time of Harald Haarfager, and was called "Other." He was born in Heligoland.

The K?mpeviser, or heroic songs, continued for a long time to be the popular poetry of the north; and ballads were also much esteemed. In the reign of Christian IV. of Denmark, between the years 1588 and 1648, the K?mpeviser, and old Danish ballads, were collected by a professor and clergyman, named Anders Sorensen Vedel.

Snorro Sturleson, who was born in the year 1178, may be named as one of the earliest of the Scandinavian authors; he was an Icelander of a high family, and is said, by the Danish historian, Sneedorff, to have been the grandson of Semund Frode, surnamed the Wise. The prose "Edda" is ascribed to him. He was the author of the "Heimskringla," a history, partly fabulous, commencing with Odin, and ending with the reign of King Magnus Erlingson, 1176.

In the twelfth century there flourished a trio of learned and remarkable men in Denmark: the Archbishop Absalon, of Lund; his secretary, Saxo-Grammaticus; and Svend or Sweyn Aagesen,—all of whom were historians. These authors lived during the reigns of Waldemar I., and his son Knud, or Canute VI. From the period of the brilliant reigns of the Waldemars, there occurred a long interregnum in the literary history of Denmark. This dark age continued until the advent to the throne of Christian I., who, in 1478, founded the university of Copenhagen; but there were no Danish authors of any note until the sixteenth century. There then appeared Lyschander, who was historiographer to Christian IV., Petreius, Arild Hvitfelt, Niels Krag, Olaus Wormius, Caspar Bartholin and his three sons, Stephanius, Arngrim Jonsen, a learned Icelander, Anders Arreboe, the father of Danish poetry, who died in 1637, and the celebrated mathematician and astronomer, Tycho Brahe, who only born in 1546, and was descended from an illustrious family in Scania.

Tycho Brahe was brought up by an uncle, George Brahe, who paid much attention to his education, which was commenced at such an early age, that when he was only seven years old he wrote Latin verses. At thirteen years of age he was sent to the Copenhagen university, where his love of astronomical studies soon developed itself; and the manuscripts which contain his observations, when a boy of sixteen, on eclipses, lightning, &c., are still preserved. When quite a youth he went to Leipsic, whither he was accompanied by a young gentleman of the Danish court, the Anders Sorensen Vedel, before mentioned as the collector of the old K?mpeviser, and who became subsequently the royal historiographer. At Leipsic, Tycho Brahe devoted himself assiduously to the study of astromomy, chemistry, mathematics, astrology, and casting of nativities.

That a clever and rational being should have wasted his time in the two last-mentioned fanciful pursuits, may provoke a smile of derision in our enlightened days; but it must be remembered that the Danish astronomer lived at a period when there existed a sort of second chaos in the world of knowledge; when the sun of truth was struggling to break forth from the heavy clouds of superstition, error, and barbarism; and even the brightest intellects were obscured by the darkness that prevailed around.

Whole nights were passed by the youthful astronomer in the open air, observing the stars; and on his return to Copenhagen, he proposed continuing the study of his favourite sciences. But these were, at that period, so little known and valued in Denmark, that his family thought he demeaned himself by his occupations; and he had, in consequence, so many disagreeables to encounter, that he determined on going back to Germany. At Rostock, he met by chance a Danish nobleman, named Manderup Parsbierg, at a wedding-feast; unluckily they quarrelled; and, having met again shortly after at a Christmas entertainment, the quarrel was renewed. Parsbierg drew his sword, and Tycho Brahe followed his example; but he was probably less skilled in the use of that weapon than in the use of his mathematical instruments, for he had the worst of the fray, and was severely wounded in the face, a part of his nose having been chopped off by a sword-cut from his adversary. After that, he travelled through Germany and Italy, and wherever he went his acquirements in science were much admired.